# Star Wars: Dark Forces Game Manual
This manual is based off of the original Dark Forces manual, adjusted and recreated for this format. Note that legal information has been mostly stripped out of the manual in favor of Lucas Arts own documentation.

{ Show Title Image }

## Coded Transmission: Jan Ors to Mon Mothma
### Subject: Reliability of Kyle Katarn
{ Show the Kyle Screenshot }
I understand there are questions regarding our continued use of Kyle as a freelance agent, both because of his background in Imperial service and his continued status as an occasional nonaligned mercenary rather than committing to regular service for the Alliance. It's easy to see how certain individuals who either encountered him during his time with the Empire, or lost friends or loved ones during operations he commanded, could harbor such doubts. In fact, though, it is precisely his experience in Imperial service that has turned him solidly against the Empire, and will, I believe, eventually convince him of the necessity of the Alliance. I think you'll agree when I fill in more of his personal history. Kyle came from Sulon, the moon of Sullust. Like many of our outworld recruits, he came from farmer stock, with a warm, close- knit family background. He adored his father, an agricultural machine salesman and mechanic with personal ties to the rural community he served. Kyle sought training at the Academy only to better follow in his father's footsteps when he returned home. At the Academy he discovered a natural gift for cybernetics systems theory and information engineering. The time spent on his studies, extracurricular martial arts and target-shooting classes left little time to worry about political rumors or changes in curriculum and policy, as the Empire consolidated its hold on the Academy. His quiet student existence was shattered when he received Imperial notification that a Rebel ambush had killed his parents during an Imperial rescue operation. The final blow came when the Academy refused to extend funeral leave. At the time Kyle had no reason to doubt what was clearly an Imperial cover-up. Overwhelmed by pain and a burning hatred for the Rebels who had supposedly killed his parents, he accepted a commission in the special operations division of the Imperial Army. It was here that he learned the true face of the Empire.

....
{ At the end show the Jan Ors screenshot }

## Getting Started
The first tactical display you will see is the Agent Menu screen. lf this is your first encounter, you will be presented with a prompt for your agent's name. Your new agent will appear on the left side of the screen. You only need one agent to play, but you can create up to 14 agents by clicking on the Hew Agent button. Later on, when you have established a corps of experienced agents, you may select one by simply clicking on the desired agent. Each agent highlighted will display a list on the right of the missions to which they have thus far been assigned. Completed missions will be indicated with a red marker showing the difficulty setting the mission was completed on {E= Easy, M= Medium, H= Hard}. If you wish to remove an agent, highlight the agent name and click on the Remove Agent button. To beg.in play,_ select a mission from the mission menu on the right side of the Agent Menu screen and click on the Begin Mission button. {You may replay any completed mission.} To quit the game click on the QUIT button. You will now see the Mission Briefing Screen. This is where your agent gets their information about the mission from their contact within the Rebellion, including the Mission Objectives, the goals you have to accomplish in order to complete the mission. Here you may also set the mission's difficulty by clicking on the Easy, Med, or Hard buttons. If you decide not to accept the mission at this time, click on the Cancel button, which will take you back to the Agent Menu screen. On the other hand, if you're set to go, click on OK, and get ready to take on the Empire.

{Show the agent screen and mission objectives screenshots}

## Simulation Controls
...